70 sports TV here game over written down
versus Joseph King Kong and Beco easy
work easy work okay
get movin down I must reiterate this is
a master boxing
you guys can hate on him all you want
okay you can say he's not exciting
whatever you want to say my mine is
Joseph Rebecca had every opportunity to
be written down bring it up step right
in front of him didn't run like
something you would like to believe he
stood right in front of this guy and in
two punches
and Becker was the guy who didn't want
to throw punches why is that because he
was afraid of being counterpunched all
right
because wicked outfits hard than a
motherfucker that's why all right
there's really nothing else to be said
here but congratulations to Guillermo
riggan dial for defeating Joseph Rebecca
a game opponent Roger Mayweather could
not help him okay riggan dollars on
another level
all right this is a this is one of the
Masters we have in boxing we should
appreciate what we have in our era all
right we always talk about all these
great fighters from the past and much
love to them but goddamn it you gotta
recognize greatness in your own fucking
mist you gotta recognize greatness right
here right now today so you can tell
your grandchildren about them let's not
talk about rate Robinson and Jake
LaMotta and all these motherfuckers back
then right here today if you can't
recognize the people you gotta front you
today then shut the fuck up these riggan
dial is a master boxer okay now you can
you get hope and hope that he loses the
fight you one day you might be right
okay but from what we're seeing from
this guy I really wish we would have had
a chance to see him fight in the pros in
his prime because he's not in his prime
right now what we're getting right now
for him it's a past prime bringing down
imagine this guy
five six to ten years ago fighting in
the pros we were we would have seen a
much even better rigging down but uh
Joseph Rebecca was not aggressive enough
he was afraid of bringing down power
this entire fight so we can die pretty
pretty much I appointed him now I
personally know at least five people who
bought tickets to the bringing down
fight but didn't go to the bringing down
fight because they decided at the last
minute to go to the party my knives
Abdullah fight which I really can't
blame him because you know that that had
a more stacked card alright so I can you
know you saw a lot of empty seats there
I had free access to the rig and I'll
fight this weekend but I couldn't go due
to business but I am watching the fight
you know much love
to get my ring down just as Rebecca who
put on a good show so you guys let me
know start this fight
70s 4cv aha